Create tck_challenge.md (#147)
eclipse-ee4j/jca-api: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/tck_challenge.md

---
name: TCK Challenge
about: Create a TCK Challenge
title: ''
labels: 'challenge'
assignees: ''

---

**Challenged tests**
List the challenged tests with the fully qualified classnames and then the test methods, e.g.
ee.jakarta.tck.faces.test.javaee7.multiFieldValidation.Spec1IT#testFailingPreconditionsNotAfterAllInputComponents

**TCK Version**

> Specify the version of the TCK, e.g. Jakarta Faces 4.0.x

Reviewer: Let's have the specification name in the example text match the project. This will make it easier for anyone who opens an issue to not need to replace that part.

```suggestion
Specify the version of the TCK, e.g. Jakarta Connectors 2.1.x
```
